hello welcome to defeat Channel today we
would like to make goulash ooo Gulas is
a suit of Steel of meat and vegetable
seasons with paprika and other spices
goula is originated from Hungary
now gunas is also a popular meal in
Central Europe Scandinavia and certain
Europe please find the ingredient shanks
in this video
the first step is we start fry the
ingredient first we would like to put
olive oil into the pan just like this or
you can also use the vegetable oil and
after the oil is warm enough then we put
the onion that we already cut into the
small cubes in our cooking time makes a
subtractor with menu so al capone is not
to make our food
again darling
Coleco that we already talked into the
smokey
the communication color is very
beautiful after some time then we can
put fall let the car
Carrie wave Africa
so we mix them together just like this
we just close it for some minutes after
some minutes then we can put the lid we
using here is the bismuth that already
cut in the cube just like this and we
get mix them together with other
ingredient is use we can pour water
so the milk can be cooked
- its soft just close it down and wait
for some minutes after about 10 minutes
so we see that our gula soup ingredient
is already real good then we can put
with growth and then after that the
vegetable first we put great carrots and
afterwards we put white carrots that
already cut into small dices and after
that we put potatoes and last we put
celery the summary we cut it into the
small cubes and then mix them together
just like this
mmm very delicious and then again we
just froze it for another 10 minutes
now we would like to make a Chester
Spector is a kind like a noodle or pasta
first we prepare the egg and then just
mix it like this and then afterwards we
just put a little bit only roughly like
half of the egg and then put a pinch of
salt into it
and then we can just put all floor
purples and mix it together till it firm
but don't forget to wash your hand first
now since our spats cos it's finished
already so what we are gonna do is in
here is you just pour floor a little bit
and then just make a pinch of Duff like
this
even smaller and then put just like this
now ours chipeska or noodles or pasta is
finished and then after 10 minutes so we
just opened
looks like the ingredients especially
the vegetable is already start to add
food so a meanwhile we just pour the
vodka
so we just mix it together with other
ingredients for sometimes
and then after some minutes then we see
that our goulash soup is finished good
mmm smells very delicious and then we
just turn off our electricity and then
just
prepare into a fight just like this
then we just had more soup on it just
like this
very delicious we just pour personally
on the top of our who laughs
so that's all on how to make guru soup
thank you for watching the gacchannel
please subscribe to the channel and hope
to see you soon in our next video
goodbye
you